It turns out that you replaced my identity
The idiom is to treat me as you to like you
Yeah, I not only replaced your identity
And stole your man
Can only do the taste of advocacy behind me
How about I go tell Sung Woo
You go
It's the idiom that fell in love with your voice
But so what?
After all, you're as fat as a pig now.
Do you think if the idiom knew the truth
Will he like you or will he find you disgusting?
Anyway.
He has the right to know the truth
Even if he knew I would hate me
I'm going to tell him too
Buckwheat no one will think of you
Just wait to make a fool of yourself
In fact, I have heard of Mr. Lu's wife
Looks don't seem to be satisfactory
But you've been married for so long
Presumably Mr. Lu is not a superficial person
He is my legitimate wife
So in my opinion?
It doesn't really matter what you look like
I didn't want to take such an important project
Give it to young people
But Mr. Lu will definitely not let me down
Chen Yu, listen to me
Stop! He's a liar!
The dress I made